Adding flux-tunability in emulator (#1188)
qiboteam/qibolab: doc/source/tutorials/emulator.rst

    # emulator / platform.py

    from qibolab import ConfigKinds, DcChannel, IqChannel, Platform, Qubit, Hardware
    from qibolab.instruments.emulator import (
        DriveEmulatorConfig,
        EmulatorController,
        FluxEmulatorConfig,
        HamiltonianConfig,
    )

    ConfigKinds.extend([HamiltonianConfig, DriveEmulatorConfig, FluxEmulatorConfig])

    def create() -> Hardware:
        """Create emulator platform with flux-tunable qubit."""
        qubits = {}
        channels = {}

        for q in range(1):
            qubits[q] = qubit = Qubit.default(q)
            channels |= {
                qubit.drive: IqChannel(mixer=None, lo=None),
                qubit.flux: DcChannel(),
            }

        # register the instruments
        instruments = {
            "emulator": EmulatorController(address="0.0.0.0", channels=channels),
        }

        return Hardware(
            instruments=instruments,
            qubits=qubits,
        )

We can observe that we need to allocate an object of type ``EmulatorController`` where we load the channels.

> Note that in order to enables the config to support the Hamiltonian configuration as well as drive and flux channels for the emualtor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that in order to enable the config to support the Hamiltonian configuration as well as drive and flux channels for the emulator
```

Just as a disclaimer: I'm not really checking grammar consistently. And sometimes I'm not even reporting errors when I find them.
This to say that is better to rely on a spell checker than on my reviews :P
